and this is something else I did on this
car this is actually the this right here
this is the cradle where there's the
front the center motor mounts is one in
the front and one in the rear okay now
there's also one on the passenger side
and there's also the transmission mount
or engine mount we call it on the
driver's side now this is the cradle
that it sits in you don't need to
replace this whole part you just need to
do the inserts now it's bolted in the
back and arm there's a trick I did with
this that a lot of people don't do and
you could probably see it partly in here
is that they're filled up with some
urethane windshield adhesive and I'll
tell you a reason why I do that but it's
not super difficult to take out this
these motor mounts it requires a lot of
hammering to get the inserts out with a
chisel and I'll explain something on
this a little bit further but this trick
I'm going to tell you is actually what I
really will get into on this obviously
have to take out that Center bulb and
the radiator support has to come down
all right that's the radiator support
right here these two bolts have to come
out this whole radiator support comes
down you don't have to disconnect like
the radiator itself you don't have to
disconnect any of the hoses or anything
like that you don't have to disconnect
the transmission line but the radiator
has to come down a few inches to get out
the cradle from the top now on the top
here this is a this thing in the center
right here that's the top of the
radiator
um you know it's built right into the
radiator and this the whole thing will
turn counterclockwise to the left about
a quarter turn and that in other words
if you want to line it up you want to
like actually take these out when you're
pushing the radiator up and then put
them back in and they like they'll turn
about a quarter turn and lock it in
place
in other words in other words right here
this is like the top of the Raider
itself this little circle in the middle
and this whole thing holes is in place
so when you're pushing a redditor back
up you want to like take this out in
other words you turn it this way
counterclockwise about a quarter of
return and then if the thing comes out
you push the Raider up there'll be like
a big hole you know and a frame right
here then you put these things back on
you just put it this way and you turn it
this way and it locks it in place it's
kind of a simple thing as far as the
motor mounts this is what I did to the
motor mount itself this may be not a
perfectly clear picture what I did was I
filled them up with urethane weather um
urethane windshield adhesive what
urethane windshield adhesive and there's
a reason for that because these mounts
typically break they're too soft and you
know the factory has in that way so the
engine state stage a little bit more
steady in the car but I can't tell the
difference but when I did this arm these
things are like one piece of solid
rubber and there's two in searches one
on the front and one on the rear of the
cradle and you have to hammer them out
arm here's a close-up of it of a
replacement part
so you notice they're all hollowed out
right and so what I did was I use brake
cleaner clean this up really good let it
dry after it dries clean it up really
good so the rubbers like chemically
clean and then I'd fill this up with
urethane windshield adhesive then let it
dry for a couple days and then it's like
one piece of solid rubber because
typically what happens is these things
all like break inside and they don't
seem to last that long I don't you know
I don't know what I think I know why
they make them that way because it's a
consumer perception like in other words
when you're getting rated when the car
is new when the cars being rated buddies
sumer groups and people out there doing
reviews they say well the engine is
smoother you know so that's why they
make these such a soft rubber but that I
can't tell the difference but now when
they're filled up with windshield
urethane stealing this thing will not
break now something else you notice if
you buy the inserts and these will like
in other words you would hammer this
whole insert into the cradle itself
after you take out the the old old
insert they're pretty difficult to get
out you have to use like a three pound
hammer but what you have to do though
what a lot of times on that cradle
itself where this goes in I'll file the
edge of the metal so there's like a
little bit of a taper going inward and
that helps to start this a lot easier
that that's a little trick to arm and
the stuff I used was this junk right
here you know I use the 3m auto glass
urethane windshield adhesive and just
fill this stuff up inside those mounts
up and that should last
they shouldn't break any more because
they don't seem to last that long I mean
if you look at most of the Sebring
convertibles those mounts seem like
they're busted and it's I really can't
fault the car company about that because
what's going on is they're they're
trying to please the customer and the
people that review their cars so they
make them too soft so the car seems like
it's smoother but it's to me it's not a
very good way doing things but that's
just how it works but yeah this is how I
filled it up and you know I've just
filled it up solid it's one solid piece
of rubber and urethane and they were not
going to break any more so that's a that
is a little tip um that I did on the car
sorry I didn't couldn't show like what I
did as I changed it but this is really
the tip itself of how a very good idea I
think and they'll probably never break
again